Mr. Lu, I am very touched.
But I don't deserve you.
Your fans will also disagree with the two of us together.
Don't think so.
We were together for over a year.
I know how good you are.
If you give up being with me because of other people's eyes and opinions
It's a very sad thing.
Ying, I love you.
Don't marry him.
I will not allow you to propose to me today.
Serve, you don't rest.
I've got work tonight.
Sister, you lied to me.
You don't say, wait until after I graduate from college.
When I find a job and settle down, will you agree to date me?
Honey, you've got the wrong idea.
My exact words at the time were if you can study hard.
If you find a good job.
I'll consider dating you.
Do you really not understand my good intentions?
I wanted you to focus on your studies, and you said you'd wait for me.
Want to be my girlfriend
It means, let go.
Nell, are you okay?
I'm okay. I know you're not half-hearted.
It's all their wish.
So, now that you're here today,
Then be clear.
Don't worry, I'll take care of the back.
This will not happen in the evening.
The fool didn't make it clear in this case.